I started this port in 1998 while finishing my Master's thesis, or, that is,
in an effort to avoid thinking about finishing it.  I approached it by
performing a dejanews search for anyone else who'd attempted anything like
it.

Jeff Greenberg was the first I found who had tried it.  His attempted port
to BASIC, and our subsequent conversations, clarified several issues.  He
also gave me a copy of the Fortran IV source from which he worked.

Roy Buzdor gave me a second copy of the source for comparison's sake, and
described the system-call semantics of a variety of HP1000 syscalls which
enabled me to really get the port going.

Tracy Johnson actually gave me no-strings access to an HP3000 running the
original Mystery Mansion, invaluable for consistency checks!

The martini-fueled duo of Mark von Minden and Alia Rayl found the bulk of
the bugs in early versions.  Okay, Ali found them all, but Mark went North
more than anyone else.

Rebecca Zane discovered some seriously nasty ones that only someone who
remembered the game could have found and helped make the post-beta versions
sane.  Ironic, in a way.

Once the port was done, several other folks helped me form a fuller picture
of the history of Mystery Mansion.  The most of informative of these
was Ken Cornetet, who had already completed an f2c port of Revision 16.
He therefore deserves recognition as the first person to have a unix/C
version of Mystery Mansion available; it's a shame that Interex didn't
archive this version, or else we all would've been playing it a lot sooner.
Ken gave me the Revision 16 source and helped me track down Bill Wolpert,
the original author in addition to everything else.  Finally, Ken managed
to get the Interex archive maintainer to send him the slightly modified
Revision 16 source that Art Gentry submitted, thereby completing my source
tree with all known versions of Mystery Mansion.

GianCarlo De Pol made me aware of the Revision 16 port running under VMS
on a MicroVAX system.  His is currently the first (and only) report of
Mystery Mansion making its way outside of North America, and also the first
(and only) indication that it runs on anything besides Hewlett Packard
computers.  GianCarlo also helped to find and debug the post-beta versions.

Of course, it was Bill who wrote Mystery Mansion and started all this.
He was kind enough to write to me to verify that he started writing it
in 1978.  Without his highly original efforts, there would not have been
a mansion to explore at all.
